README.md, before:

# dsca-inventory

## Summary
This solution provides inventory management for IT assets, including lifecycle tracking through timeline items and integration with an End of Life API to ensure efficient asset management and planning and built using **React** and **TypeScript**, leveraging modern web development practices to ensure a robust and maintainable codebase.

## Node.js Version

This solution uses **Node.js v18.19.0**. Ensure you have this version installed before proceeding.

## Provisioned SharePoint List

A SharePoint list named **FSInventory** is provisioned as part of this solution. Ensure the list is properly set up for the solution to function as expected. dsca-inventory

[picture of the solution in action, if possible]

## Used SharePoint Framework Version

![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.19.0-green.svg)

## Applies to

- [SharePoint Framework](https://aka.ms/spfx)
- [Microsoft 365 tenant](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/set-up-your-developer-tenant)

> Get your own free development tenant by subscribing to [Microsoft 365 developer program](http://aka.ms/o365devprogram)

## Prerequisites

**Node.js v18.19.0**

## Solution
| Solution    | Author(s)                                               |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| folder name | Chris Gomez (chris@fastsharepoint.com)                  |


## Version history

| Version | Date             | Comments        |
| ------- | ---------------- | --------------- |
| 1.1     | March 10, 2021   | Update comment  |
| 1.0     | January 29, 2021 | Initial release |

## Disclaimer

**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED _AS IS_ WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

---

## Minimal Path to Awesome

- Clone this repository
- Ensure that you are at the solution folder
- in the command-line run:
  - **npm install**
  - **gulp serve**

> Include any additional steps as needed.

## Features

Description of the extension that expands upon high-level summary above.

This extension illustrates the following concepts:

- CRUD opertions on a SharePoint list
- End of Life API integration
- Modern UI

> Notice that better pictures and documentation will increase the sample usage and the value you are providing for others. Thanks for your submissions advance.

> Share your web part with others through Microsoft 365 Patterns and Practices program to get visibility and exposure. More details on the community, open-source projects and other activities from http://aka.ms/m365pnp.

## References

- [Getting started with SharePoint Framework](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/set-up-your-developer-tenant)
- [Building for Microsoft teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/build-for-teams-overview)
- [Use Microsoft Graph in your solution](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/web-parts/get-started/using-microsoft-graph-apis)
- [Publish SharePoint Framework applications to the Marketplace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/publish-to-marketplace-overview)
- [Microsoft 365 Patterns and Practices](https://aka.ms/m365pnp) - Guidance, tooling, samples and open-source controls for your Microsoft 365 development
# dscainventory

Commit message:

Add a web part for Gantt Views

README.md, after:

# dsca-inventory

## Summary
This solution provides inventory management for IT assets, including lifecycle tracking through timeline items and integration with an End of Life API to ensure efficient asset management and planning and built using **React** and **TypeScript**, leveraging modern web development practices to ensure a robust and maintainable codebase.

## Web Parts
Two web parts are provisioned as part of the solution, DSCA Inventory and DCSA Inventory Gantt. DSCA Inventory is an interface to manage assets and life-cycle events. DSCA Inventory Gantt provides a couple of different Gantt-type views of the End of Life dates of the assets. The web parts can be placed on any page within the SharePoint site.

## Provisioned SharePoint List

A SharePoint list named **FSInventory** is provisioned as part of this solution. Ensure the list is properly set up for the solution to function as expected. dsca-inventory

[picture of the solution in action, if possible]

## Node.js Version

This solution uses **Node.js v18.19.0**. Ensure you have this version installed before proceeding.

## Used SharePoint Framework Version

![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.19.0-green.svg)

## Applies to

- [SharePoint Framework](https://aka.ms/spfx)
- [Microsoft 365 tenant](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/set-up-your-developer-tenant)

> Get your own free development tenant by subscribing to [Microsoft 365 developer program](http://aka.ms/o365devprogram)

## Prerequisites

**Node.js v18.19.0**

## Solution
| Solution    | Author(s)                                               |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| folder name | Chris Gomez (chris@fastsharepoint.com)                  |


## Version history

| Version | Date             | Comments        |
| ------- | ---------------- | --------------- |
| 1.1     | March 10, 2021   | Update comment  |
| 1.0     | January 29, 2021 | Initial release |

## Disclaimer

**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED _AS IS_ WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

---

## Minimal Path to Awesome

- Clone this repository
- Ensure that you are at the solution folder
- in the command-line run:
  - **npm install**
  - **gulp serve**

> Include any additional steps as needed.

## Features

Description of the extension that expands upon high-level summary above.

This extension illustrates the following concepts:

- CRUD opertions on a SharePoint list
- End of Life API integration
- Modern UI

> Notice that better pictures and documentation will increase the sample usage and the value you are providing for others. Thanks for your submissions advance.

> Share your web part with others through Microsoft 365 Patterns and Practices program to get visibility and exposure. More details on the community, open-source projects and other activities from http://aka.ms/m365pnp.

## References

- [Getting started with SharePoint Framework](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/set-up-your-developer-tenant)
- [Building for Microsoft teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/build-for-teams-overview)
- [Use Microsoft Graph in your solution](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/web-parts/get-started/using-microsoft-graph-apis)
- [Publish SharePoint Framework applications to the Marketplace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/publish-to-marketplace-overview)
- [Microsoft 365 Patterns and Practices](https://aka.ms/m365pnp) - Guidance, tooling, samples and open-source controls for your Microsoft 365 development
# dscainventory
